chore: add missing changeset for vue integration (#15425)
withastro/astro: .changeset/vite-plugin-vue-v6.md

---
'@astrojs/vue': minor
---

> Update `@vitejs/plugin-vue` to v6, `@vitejs/plugin-vue-jsx` to v5, and `vite-plugin-vue-devtools` to v8

Reviewer: @ematipico wdyt?
```suggestion
Updates `@vitejs/plugin-vue` to v6, `@vitejs/plugin-vue-jsx` to v5, and `vite-plugin-vue-devtools` to v8

Some options may now differ, refer to these packages changelogs to learn more
```
